
I BECAME AN IMMORTAL ON MORTAL REALM
Chapter 175 - 172: Emperor Sea Mysterious Dynasty, Fang Wang Leaves the Island
Chapter 175: Chapter 172: Emperor Sea Mysterious Dynasty, Fang Wang Leaves the Island

Translator: 549690339

Hearing Fang Hanyu’s words, Fang Wang frowned and opened his eyes, saying,

“Explain clearly.”

Xiao Zi, who was hurrying over, got so frightened that her serpent body shuddered. She quickly stopped by the lake’s edge, not daring to get any closer.

Fang Hanyu took a deep breath and said, “Originally, Zhou Xue didn’t want me to speak of this matter because the enemy is too powerful, and she wants to deal with it herself. However, I’ve given it some thought, and you have to know about this; after all, you and he are brothers.”

“A year ago, Fang Xun and his wife and child were attacked by a group of cultivators who claimed to be from Emperor Sea. Over half of the disciples of the Jin Xiao Sect on the nearby islands were killed or injured. Fang Xun was executed on the spot, and his wife and child were captured.”

The look in Fang Wang’s eyes turned colder as he asked indifferently, “What is the cause of their grievance?”

Fang Hanyu quickly replied, “Fang Xun’s wife comes from Emperor Sea and is a princess of the Emperor Sea Mysterious Dynasty. Discontent with the marriage arranged by the dynasty, she secretly fled and came to the Southern Celestial Sea. Later, she met Fang Xun, and the two married. Zhou Xue arranged for them to be in the seas controlled by the Jin Xiao Sect, where a Great Cultivator at the Mahayana Realm was seated. But somehow, the Mysterious Dynasty found them, and that senior was also seriously injured…”

Having said this, he couldn’t help but sigh.

He seemed to remember something, and hastily added, “Zhou Xue has taken as good care of them as she could. It was just unpredictable that the Mysterious Dynasty would send so many Great Cultivators to attack. Moreover, the attack was sudden, and Zhou Xue was not there at the time. Because of this, there was great resentment within the Jin Xiao Sect; you shouldn’t blame her.”

Fang Wang closed his eyes, and although he did not exude murderous intent, Fang Hanyu could feel that he was restraining himself.

A sigh rose in Fang Hanyu’s heart.

Although Fang Wang and Fang Xun were brothers, they had not spent much time together. However, even so, Fang Hanyu knew Fang Wang would not remain indifferent based on his understanding of him.

Zhou Xue feared Fang Wang’s impulsiveness, but Fang Hanyu felt that this matter could not be kept from him. If kept hidden, it might create a rift between Fang Wang and Zhou Xue — something he did not wish to see. Besides, in his view, Zhou Xue was not to blame for this incident.

“Where is Fang Xun’s body?” Fang Wang asked with his eyes closed, his tone even colder than before.

“Zhou Xue has preserved it in ice, and it has already been sent back to Grand

Q.”

“Is there no hope for revival?”

“No… the body couldn’t even be kept intact…”

As Fang Hanyu spoke these words, he tried to remain as calm as possible.

He followed up by saying, “Zhou Xue said that the Mysterious Dynasty has cultivators exceeding the Mahayana Realm, and Emperor Sea is no less than a part of the Southern Celestial Sea. Unlike the Southern Celestial Sea with its numerous powers, Emperor Sea honors the Mysterious Dynasty with a clear hierarchy.”

Fang Wang opened his eyes and said, “Qu Xunhun, come here.”

His voice echoed within Biyou Island, startling all the creatures on the island. Yang Du and Zhu Yan, who were practicing the True Combat Technique, were also awakened.

Qu Xunhun quickly flew over and landed in front of Fang Wang, kneeling on one knee, saying, “I don’t know what you wish to command?”

Fang Wang looked at him and asked, “Do you know where the Mysterious

Dynasty is?”

Qu Xunhun’s heart raced under his piercing gaze, and he hastily lowered his head to reply, “I have never been there, but give me a month’s time, and I can gather intelligence from the Eternal Life Pavilion.”

“Go, the faster the better.”

“As you command!”

Qu Xunhun immediately flew out of the island.

Fang Wang then activated the formation, allowing him to leave.

“Fang Wang, are you planning to take action against the Mysterious Dynasty? The reason I told you this was just to let you know, Fang Xun is dead, and the enemy are cultivators. We still have time for revenge; there’s no need to rush.” Fang Hanyu advised, knowing Fang Wang was strong, but the Mysterious Dynasty was a force comparable to the Eternal Life Pavilion. Since it was a dynasty of fate, the number of cultivators they had far surpassed that of the Eternal Life Pavilion.

Fang Wang did not reply but just smiled and said, “Tell me about your experiences over the years.”

Seeing that he could still smile, Fang Hanyu knew he was determined to make his way to the Mysterious Dynasty.

Thinking of Fang Wang’s past achievements, Fang Hanyu did not advise further but began to recount his own experiences over the years.

Ever since he subdued the Ten Thousand Year Sword Spirit, Fang Hanyu’s cultivation level began skyrocketing. He found his mastery over the Sword Dao growing ever stronger, and Zhou Xue had even given him a set of ultimate arts of the Sword Dao.

Though his growth rate could not compare with Fang Wang’s, he was definitely regarded as a peerless talent in the entire Southern Celestial Sea.

Then, Fang Hanyu mentioned Xu Qiuming.

Xu Qiuming had started to make a name for himself at sea. It was said that he became a disciple of a mysterious cultivator and had received the highest and most profound Sword Dao inheritance of the Southern Celestial Sea. His Sword Intent soared to the heavens, a tale widely circulated among Sword Cultivators.

As for Xu Qiuming’s rise, Fang Wang was not surprised, knowing that this man would become stronger than some Ascenders in the future.

After chatting for half an hour, Fang Wang asked Fang Hanyu to stay temporarily on Biyou Island.

He closed his eyes, striving to contain the tumultuous killing intent within him. While waiting for Qu Xunhun to gather intelligence, he began contemplating the integration of his own Swordsmanship.

Jinghong Divine Sword Art, Nine Heavens Azure Thunder Sword Formation,

Celestial Sword Intent, Divine Nurturing Sword Qi, Executioner Immortal Ghost God Sword – these were the Great Perfection Swordsmanship he mastered.

He decided to use the Executioner Immortal Ghost God Sword as the foundation to create a completely new Sword Dao.

The Ghostly Divine Sword itself was a Swordsmanship with an extremely high ceiling, and even the Sword Saint’s Sword Dao mastery could not surpass that of the Executioner Immortal Great Saint.

Time passed in a flash.

Twenty-three days went by.

Qu Xunhun returned with a scroll that recorded the intelligence the Eternal Life Pavilion had on the Mysterious Dynasty.

Fang Wang immediately probed it with his divine sense, while Qu Xunhun hesitated and said, “True One, the Mysterious Dynasty acts tyrannically and should not be offended lightly. At least, the Eternal Life Pavilion dare not antagonize them openly.”

Xiao Zi, Zhao Zhen, Zhu Yan, Yang Du, Chu Yin, and Fang Hanyu stood aside, all of whom already knew the news of Fang Wang’s brother’s death, and each of them had a very serious expression on their face.

Fang Wang did not answer Qu Xunhun, and after looking for a while, he stood up and said, “I’m planning to take a trip to the Emperor Sea Mysterious Dynasty. You all stay on the island.”

“Young Master, take me with you!” Xiao Zi quickly called out, directly leaping onto Fang Wang’s shoulder.

Fearing Fang Wang’s refusal, it continued, “Facing the dangers of Green Cicada Valley and the Chi Devil Sect, how perilous it was, yet I accompanied the young master through it all. This time will be the same, no matter if it’s a mountain of knives or a sea of fire, or even the depths of the Netherworld, I am willing to follow you through life and death!”

Zhao Zhen nodded, knowing that if even the Eternal Life Pavilion dared not provoke them, this trip must undoubtedly be perilous. Yet, the more dangerous it was, the more he saw it as an opportunity.

Zhu Yan, Chu Yin, and Yang Du followed, requesting to accompany him.

Zhu Yan and Yang Du were fond of fighting and feared nothing in heaven or earth, naturally wishing to follow. Chu Yin was worried about his master.

Fang Wang responded calmly, “I’ll only take Xiao Zi with me. The rest of you should cultivate peacefully on the island and wait for my return. This journey is very dangerous, the enemy surpasses the Mahayana Realm. It’s not convenient to take you all with me.”

Surpass the Mahayana Realm!

Yang Du, Zhu Yan, and Chu Yin’s eyelids twitched wildly.

Qu Xunhun hesitated, “The Emperor Sea Mysterious Dynasty has hundreds of Mahayana Cultivators, and with their influence in the Emperor Sea, a single call from the emperor might gather thousands of Mahayana Cultivators, their

strength inscrutable…”

Upon hearing this, Fang Hanyu looked towards Fang Wang but held back his words.

Fang Wang tossed the Biyou Jade Token to Zhu Yan and then walked towards the seashore, leaving behind only one sentence, “The Emperor Sea Mysterious Dynasty may be strong, but they have successfully angered me.”

Anger, such an emotion, was seldom seen when Fang Wang confronted enemies, appearing only within the Heavenly Palace.

This time, he was truly enraged.

Qu Xunhun, Zhu Yan, Chu Yin, and Yang Du looked towards Fang Wang’s departing figure and all fell silent, while Fang Hanyu hurriedly followed Fang Wang’s steps.

Yang Du’s heart was filled with mixed emotions. He had stayed at the Eternal Life Pavilion and knew all too well how fearful the Pavilion was. Fang Wang, whom even the Pavilion dared not provoke, dared to seek revenge alone.

To undertake the impossible?

In Yang Du’s view, if Fang Wang truly had the power to overthrow the Eternal Life Pavilion, he would not have submitted to their authority.

For a brother, is it worth it?

Yang Du watched Fang Wang’s departing figure, his heart filled with incomprehension.

After leaving Biyou Island, Fang Hanyu caught up and said, “Zhou Xue has already invited the Demon Monarch to invade the Emperor Sea Mysterious Dynasty, do you want to come back to the Jin Xiao Sect with me to discuss our next move?”

“No need, you go back.”

Fang Wang left these words and transformed into a white rainbow, disappearing into the horizon in the blink of an eye.

Fang Hanyu watched his figure for a long while before withdrawing his gaze and leaving to return to the Jin Xiao Sect.

After flying for a while, Xiao Zi offered to serve as a mount. Fang Wang did not refuse, allowing it to quickly grow larger and carry him onward.

Zhao Zhen emerged from the Soul Devouring Gourd, looked at Fang Wang and cautiously said, “Master, may I take a look at the intelligence scroll about the

Emperor Sea Mysterious Dynasty?”

Fang Wang did not refuse and handed him the scroll.

As he held the scroll, his spiritual consciousness entered it, and soon his face drastically changed, growing more and more alarmed as he read on, his soul trembling with fear.

Xiao Zi could feel Zhao Zhen’s terror and couldn’t help asking, “Young Master, what are you planning to do? Slaughter the Emperor Sea Mysterious Dynasty?”

“The debt of blood must be paid in blood. Whoever killed Fang Xun must die, and anyone who interferes must also die,” Fang Wang stood on the head of the serpent, gazing into the distance with a cold look in his eyes.

After leaving Biyou Island, he no longer consciously restrained his emotions.

Even though he hadn’t spent much time with Fang Xun, that was his own brother. Besides chasing immortality, he also had a heart set on protecting his family. Always proud, the most proud moment for him was when Fang Residence had prospered under his protection into a Cultivation family, and his family had lived a life beyond Mortals because of him.

Fang Xun’s death shattered his pride and illusions.

However strong he might be, there was always the possibility of family sacrifice, something he found hard to accept.

Fang Wang also had another concern, which was the fate of Fang Xun’s wife and child. If the Emperor Sea Mysterious Dynasty did not acknowledge Fang Xun, then the likelihood of his son’s survival was grim.

At this thought, the murderous intent in Fang Wang’s eyes became unstoppable.

Underneath the blue sky, a huge Imperial Palace sat among green mountains, sprawling out far and wide, with Cultivators guarding all around the palace walls.

In a garden, a group of young boys and girls were practicing their swordsmanship. They held wooden swords, their movements sharp and swift. A middle-aged man in embroidered clothes was watching them, hands behind his back, eyes roaming over these youths.

They were all princes and princesses of the Emperor Sea Mysterious Dynasty. Despite their youth, each had already developed their own Sword Intent, and the garden was equipped with a Formation to withstand their Sword Intents.

At the moment, in a corner of the garden, a boy in plain clothing sat on the ground, next to him four wooden buckets filled with water, almost as tall as the seated him.

The boy appeared to be around eight or nine years old, using his arms to cover his front. His robe tore repeatedly, exposing his fair arms. Then, long narrow cuts began to appear on his arms, blood seeping out, wounds inflicted by Sword Qi.

The middle-aged man noticed his condition but merely glanced indifferently, neither stopping him nor letting the boy out..

 
Tip: You can use left, right, A and D keyboard keys to browse between chapters.
Novel Bin Read light novel, web novel, korean novel and chinese novel online for free. You can find hundreds of english translated light novel, web novel, korean novel and chinese novel which are daily updated! Read novels online, read light novel online, read online free, free light novel online.
 