I BECAME AN IMMORTAL ON MORTAL REALM
Chapter 176 - 173: Arriving at Emperor Sea, Dugu
Chapter 176: Chapter 173: Arriving at Emperor Sea, Dugu

Wenhun 1

Translator: 549690339

Princes and princesses had been practicing their swordplay for almost half an hour. When the middle-aged man announced the end, they immediately cheered and began sheathing their swords.

They gathered in small groups, discussing various matters. Some turned their gazes toward a corner of the garden, where a young boy still held his arms across his face, his slender frame trembling continuously, his arms covered in blood, bloodstains all over the ground. Yet, from the beginning to the end, he never cried out loud.

The middle-aged man walked up to him and activated his Spiritual Power with his right hand to help heal the boy’s wounds.

“Why must you insist on cultivating? If you persist like this, you will only suffer more,” the middle-aged man said indifferently.

The boy slowly looked up, fearfully gazing at the middle-aged man. He clenched his teeth tightly, remaining silent.

Then, the princes came over, each looking at the boy with teasing gazes, taunting him one after another.

“Yi Jing, just give up and go back. After all, the blood that flows within you is not of royal descent.”

“Exactly, who knows whose seed you are; I don’t know what Father Emperor was thinking, allowing you to stay in the Imperial Palace.”

“What else can be done if not to keep him? Wouldn’t it be a disgrace to our Yi family if he were let loose outside?”

“Too weak, can’t even withstand a bit of Sword Qi.”

“Minister Liu, just leave him. It would be better if he died, might save him some pain.”

Hearing the princes’ comments, the man known as Minister Liu slowly stood up, didn’t say much, and turned to leave.

The princes surrounded the boy called Yi Jing, occasionally kicking him.

The sun set behind the mountains, and dusk fell.

The princes and princesses had already left the garden- The young boy- covered

in dirt and blood scabs, shakily stood, gritting his teeth and muttering to himself, “My name is not Yi Jing… My name is Fang Jing…”

He shakily grabbed a nearby bucket, but his arms were in so much pain that he couldn’t lift the water and had to give up, his small frame wavering as he left.

Along the way, eunuchs and palace maidens who saw him quickly steered clear, but Fang Jing was already accustomed to this.

He walked into a small courtyard full of debris, where a middle-aged palace maiden was washing clothes. She looked up at him, her expression immediately changing. She quickly stood up and hurried over to check his wounds.

The middle-aged palace maiden’s face was full of sympathy as she couldn’t help but scold, “I’ve told you not to go listen to the preaching. Why won’t you listen

Fang Jing lifted his small face, still with tear stains, and said defiantly, “If I don’t cultivate, when will I be able to leave this place? If I don’t cultivate, how can I avenge my mother, avenge my father?”

“Silence! Don’t spout nonsense!”

The middle-aged palace maiden became furious, looking around in fear. Once sure there was no movement, she immediately grabbed Fang Jing and fiercely spanked him, scolding, “You are forbidden from saying such irresponsible things again!”

The young Fang Jing clenched his teeth, staying silent.

After a while, seeing that he still wouldn’t give in, the heart of the middle-aged palace maiden softened. She sighed, “Child, remember, you can only stay in this Imperial Palace in the future. You don’t have any other relatives. Only by behaving well and satisfying His Majesty will you have a chance to rise.”

Fang Jing murmured, “I have relatives… There are many Fang Family

Members, and my uncle is very powerful… Everyone calls him Tian Dao…”

The more he talked, the more wronged he felt, and his eyes quickly reddened.

He could bear physical pain, but the thought of his relatives inevitably brought him to the brink of tears. He wasn’t even nine years old yet. He had cried before, but after his mother died, he had no one else to rely on and had to be strong.

The middle-aged palace maiden hugged him in her arms, her eyes filled with pity and confusion.

She knew well that Fang Jing’s existence was a thorn in His Majesty’s side, with no prospects of ascendance…

Once the Xuan Dynasty above and below had forgotten about Fang Jing, forgotten about his mother, the Emperor’s blade would fall upon Fang Jing’s neck.

With that thought, the heart of the middle-aged palace maiden grew even more sorrowful. She had raised Fang Jing’s mother and thus regarded Fang Jing as her own child.

What she wanted now was for Fang Jing to suffer less while he was still alive.

Rumble, rumble—

Thunderclouds covered the Firmament, and heavy rain poured down, with turbulent waves thrashing over the ocean.

Xiao Zi flew through the storm, spotting a huge floating island ahead with bright lights that looked eerie in the dim night.

“Young Master, is that the floating island of Eternal Life Pavilion up ahead?” Xiao Zi asked.

Zhao Zhen answered first, “Yes, that’s right. This is the location marked on the scroll. ”

The information scroll provided by Qu Xunhun had marked the nearest Eternal Life Pavilion floating island, where Fang Wang could be transported to Emperor Sea.

The Southern Celestial Sea was vast, and the Emperor Sea was even farther away, so Qu Xunhun had taken the extra precaution.

Fang Wang, too, was willing to take advantage of this, eager to arrive in the Xuan Dynasty quickly.

Xiao Zi headed towards the floating island. Along the way, when Cultivators tried to stop them, Fang Wang simply showed his True Person order and was allowed to enter the island smoothly, with Eternal Life Pavilion Cultivators personally leading the way.

The floating island was large and home to many Cultivators.

Xiao Zi lay on Fang Wang’s shoulder, curiously glancing around, but Fang Wang was not in the mood to look.

Soon, they entered a tall tower, within which was a huge Formation for transporting directly to Emperor Sea.

“Wait!”

Just as Fang Wang was about to step into the Formation, a voice called out to him, causing the Cultivators who were about to activate the Formation to halt their actions.

A black-clothed elder approached from behind and swiftly arrived before Fang

Wang. He clasped his fist in salute and said, “Heavenly Dao Fellow Daoist, may I ask if your journey to Emperor Sea is because of the Xuan Dynasty?”

Fang Wang glanced at him and asked, “So what? Does the Eternal Life Pavilion also manage these affairs?

The black-clothed elder quickly replied, “Of course not, it’s just that the envoy of your family has requested intelligence on the Xuan Dynasty. As one of the twenty-four true cultivators, you naturally attract the attention and estimation of the Eternal Life Pavilion. The Eternal Life Pavilion and the Xuan Dynasty have always been at odds. Some time ago, a group of Mahayana Realm cultivators from the Xuan Dynasty infiltrated the Southern Celestial Sea. The Eternal Life Pavilion is somewhat concerned. Coincidentally, you are the only one who has asked for intelligence on the Xuan Dynasty during this time.”

Fang Wang calmly said, “The Xuan Dynasty has already become my enemy. If the Eternal Life Pavilion fears trouble, I can make a clear distinction between us, but this teleportation formation, I must use.”

The death of Fang Xun made him realize that although he was strong and renowned, the Fang Family was not entirely protected by his fame.

From now on, he would still be illustrious, but he would let the world know that he stood behind the Fang Family.

Therefore, he was not afraid if the Eternal Life Pavilion followed the vine to find out the relationship between him and the Fang Family.

The black-clothed elder said helplessly, “Why worry so much, Fellow Daoist?

The Eternal Life Pavilion would not abandon you out of fear of the Xuan Dynasty. It’s just that a certain Holy Monarch, knowing that you are going to the Xuan Dynasty, wishes to ask you for a favor en route. If you can accomplish it, the Holy Monarch will certainly not treat you unfairly.”

Fang Wang asked, “What matter?”

The black-clothed elder glanced at the other cultivators, who promptly saluted and left.

Once they were gone, the black-clothed elder finally opened his mouth and said, “Assassinate the Zhen Tian General of the Xuan Dynasty. That person is a cultivator of the Nineth Layer of the Mahayana Realm. Consider this matter for yourself. If you kill the Zhen Tian General, it will inevitably bring great trouble. If the timing is not right, you can let it be.”

Fang Wang replied, “I understand.”

The black-clothed elder nodded and immediately helped Fang Wang activate the teleportation formation himself.

Rumble-_

The formation activated, and the tower’s interior shook violently as if the heavens and earth were quaking.

The black-clothed elder turned to Fang Wang and cautioned, “Emperor Sea is more orderly than the Southern Celestial Sea, and the more stable it is, the more dangerous it is for you. The Xuan Dynasty is even more deeply rooted, so be extremely careful, Fellow Daoist.”

Fang Wang looked at him but did not respond.

With the activation of the formation, a strong light soared into the sky, and the figures of Fang Wang and Xiao Zi disappeared with it.

After a while, the tower returned to tranquility. The black-clothed elder suddenly had several figures appear out of thin air beside him, each of their presences deep and unfathomable.

“The Heavenly Dao True Man surnamed Fang, and the person killed by the royal cultivators of the Xuan Dynasty also a Fang. It seems he is indeed heading for revenge.”

“Isn’t he too impulsive? Just by himself, is that enough?”

“It is said that the Jin Xiao Sect has already invaded Emperor Sea, causing no small commotion.”

“What is the Jin Xiao Sect? The Xuan Dynasty could easily crush them.”

“Regardless, no one knows exactly how high Heavenly Dao True Man’s cultivation is. Even if he dies in the Xuan Dynasty, with his ability, he is bound to bring calamity to them.”

The crowd discussed animatedly, their tones mocking. The black-clothed elder didn’t speak, but he was shaking his head, clearly not optimistic about Fang Wang’s chances.

The teleportation formation lasted for the duration of an incense stick burning. Once the strong light in front of Fang Wang dissipated, he found himself in a massive, spacious cave, standing on a formation platform.

Fang Wang looked around and noticed a dozen or so cultivators, seated in meditation in different directions, the atmosphere silent.

He immediately stepped off the platform and walked towards the cave entrance.

“Who are you?”

An elder opened his eyes and asked sternly.

The others also opened their eyes and turned to look at Fang Wang. Among them was a young man dressed more splendidly than the others, wearing a jade crown, who also looked curiously at Fang Wang.

There was a killing intent about Fang Wang that made them feel threatened.

Without stopping, Fang Wang kept walking and said, “Heavenly Dao True Man,

Fang Wang.”

The group was moved. It was clear that they had heard the name, as the internal trials of the Eternal Life Pavilion had a significant impact.

“Emperor Sea is different from the Southern Celestial Sea. When we cultivators of the Eternal Life Pavilion act, we must be measured,” said another elder as a reminder.

Fang Wang lifted his hand and disappeared quickly into the cave corridor.

The young man wearing the jade crown couldn’t help but laugh and said, “Heavenly Dao Fang Wang, indeed a formidable presence. In my opinion, had the Eternal Life Pavilion nominated him earlier, the Southern Celestial Four Heroes might not be just Extreme Yang True Person.”

As soon as he spoke, the others looked at him, their gazes becoming subtle.

A robust man in a blue robe snorted coldly, “Dugu Wenhun, what do you mean by that? It sounds like you think you’re stronger than Extreme Yang True Person.”

Dugu Wenhun said cheerfully, “I’m just congratulating the Eternal Life Pavilion. They are truly blessed with an abundance of talent. However, I’m quite curious: what is he doing here in Emperor Sea all alone? Did you give that opportunity slot to him?”

At these words, the blue-robed man snorted again and said no more, and the cave fell back into silence.

Dugu Wenhun appeared not to mind the awkwardness, sitting there by himself, seemingly thinking about something, his face revealing a thought-provoking smile.

Elsewhere.

Fang Wang flew out of the island. He didn’t let Xiao Zi grow larger; instead, he

flew on his own.

Xiao Zi perched on Fang Wang’s shoulder and asked, “Master, how do you plan to act? Do you want to investigate first?”

Fang Wang stared ahead, his black hair blowing in the wind, and he calmly said, “I can’t be bothered to investigate the truth. I’ll go straight into the Xuan Dynasty. I want the entire Xuan Dynasty to know why this calamity has come upon them..”

 
Tip: You can use left, right, A and D keyboard keys to browse between chapters.
Novel Bin Read light novel, web novel, korean novel and chinese novel online for free. You can find hundreds of english translated light novel, web novel, korean novel and chinese novel which are daily updated! Read novels online, read light novel online, read online free, free light novel online.
 