I BECAME AN IMMORTAL ON MORTAL REALM
Chapter 169 - 166: One Punch to Kill a True Person, Fang Wang’s Target_l
Chapter 169: Chapter 166: One Punch to Kill a True Person, Fang Wang’s Target_l

Translator: 549690339

Fang Wang concentrated on cultivating the Vajra Invincible Saint Body, heedless of the disturbance he caused.

The spiritual energy of nature surged violently into his body, creating a roaring wind. Cultivators at the foot of the mountain exchanged glances and ultimately chose to leave, not daring to provoke him.

Seeing the momentum of his Qi Gathering, they knew they were no match for Fang Wang.

Just because they thought so didn’t mean others did. Many trial-takers, sensing the direction of the flow of spiritual energy, mistook it for the emergence of a peerless treasure and flew towards the source of the energy.

In less than half of an incense stick’s time, trial-takers appeared from all directions. They gazed at Fang Wang from afar, where the Yang energy around him was incredibly dense, like a small sun atop the mountain peak.

During the Qi Gathering process, Fang Wang felt no pain; he had already practiced the Vajra Invincible Saint Body to the level of Great Perfection and essentially had the experience. It was merely a matter of going through the motions again.

His body underwent transformation, with the already powerful Heavenly Body regenerating at an extraordinary rate. Now as Yang energy was propelled, his flesh and bones became more resilient, and there was no conflict between the two.

This sensation was marvelous, gradually calming Fang Wang’s agitation and restlessness.

Having spent too much time in seclusion this time, Fang Wang decided that after the trial, he must enjoy himself for ten years!

After all, the Heavenly Dao True Skill could continuously absorb nature’s spiritual energy. His slacking was equivalent to the diligent state of ordinary cultivators.

Immersed in his own transformation, Fang Wang failed to notice the cultivators arriving from all directions, primarily because he sensed no threat.

Having spent over five thousand years in seclusion in the Netherworld, even though Fang Wang’s cultivation level didn’t leap dramatically, his strength improved immensely, especially the Great Perfection level Jiuyou Zizaishu. He could say without exaggeration that no one within the Qi Tian secret realm could kill him.

For those who dared to provoke him, there was only one path: death. As time went by, more and more trial-takers arrived, gathering in twos and threes.

“Who is that person?”

“It seems to be Fang Wang, the Sword Sovereign of the Yellow Glyph.” “What a scorching aura! Is this guy practicing a technique or did he consume some sort of extreme Yang Heavenly Material and Earthly Treasure?”

“That aura is no joke. Better to keep our distance. Have the strengths of the

Yellow Glyph Monarchs become so exaggerated?”

“I wonder if Jiu You True Person dares to come.”

“Jiu You True Person? Jiu You True Person has already been slaughtered by Fang Wang! ”

Soon, news of Jiu You True Person being killed by Fang Wang began to spread. The battle between Fang Wang and Jiu You True Person was so significant that, aside from Yang Du, many other people had secretly witnessed it.

Learning that Jiu You True Person had been slain by Fang Wang with a single stroke, those plotting against Fang Wang retracted their schemes.

Seeing great opportunities on Fang Wang, they realized he was a tough match and not to be trifled with.

The Qi Tian secret realm was full of countless opportunities, making it senseless to clash with just one.

And so, some came and some left, but overall, the number of trial-takers attracted by Fang Wang continued to grow.

A while later…

A powerful aura arrived, more shocking than that of the Golden Body Realm, startling all the trial-takers within hundreds of miles.

“The Withered Wood True Person has come!”

Someone exclaimed with a tone laced with fear.

The trial-takers looked around, trying to find Withered Wood True Person’s figure.

At this moment, a shower of dead leaves suddenly fell from above Fang Wang in the firmament, like a deluge, except that these dead leaves descended very slowly. Twisting and turning, the rain of dead leaves glistened with specks of light.

Countless dead leaves fell toward the mountain peak, capturing the attention of all trial-takers.

When the dead leaves were less than a hundred Zhang from Fang Wang, the lower ones began to ignite, quickly turning to ash. Soon, more leaves caught fire, and a striking cloud of smoke emerged.

“What powerful Yang energy, Sword Sovereign of the Yellow Glyph. It seems you’ve come across quite the fortune,” a hoarse voice intoned, detached and imbued with immense oppressive force.

Fang Wang did not respond, nor did he open his eyes. The Yang energy around him kept burning fiercely, preventing the dead leaves from approaching.

The world fell silent.

All the trial-takers awaited Fang Wang’s response, but he remained quiet.

“Hmph!”

The voice of Withered Wood True Person sounded again, this time with a hint of anger and murderous intent.

With a thunderous bang, a massive vine shot from the horizon, traversing the firmament and tearing through the clouds with unstoppable force.

This vine, thick as several zhang, resembled a writhing dragon as it darted forward at such a speed that most trial-takers couldn’t keep up with their eyes.

In the blink of an eye, Fang Wang, who sat meditating on the cliff’s edge, suddenly thrusted with his fist, still with his eyes closed.

With his right fist, accompanied by a thunderous dragon’s roar, a black dragon seemed to transcend time and space, emerging from the void to strike viciously at the vine.

The heavens and earth trembled!

The vast vine was torn asunder by the black dragon, which then continued its path to the horizon where Withered Wood True Person stood, raising his hand to intercept. Withered Wood, clad in gray robes with white youthful hair, had narrowed his eyes in shock, pupils dilating.

Facing the Nine Dragons Tyrant Fist, he was frightened but still lifted his horsetail whisk instinctively to defend.

The spiritual power of the Mahayana Realm erupted, shaking the heavens and earth, as the black dragon reached him in an instant.

In that moment, Withered Wood True Person felt an unstoppable, terrifying intent to kill.

Not good!

Boom—

The Black Dragon dispersed his Spiritual Power, directly blasted his body apart, and continued to rush towards the horizon.

The next second, trial participants from all directions felt a terrifying impact incoming and mobilized their full Spiritual Power to defend. Mountains were pressed into rubble, and dust rose into the sky.

Atop Mount Juyue, Fang Wang was seated in meditation, maintaining the pose of swinging his fist.

His right fist opened, and as he drew his hand back, he clenched it again. With a swoosh. a storage bag with a blue base and purple edges flew in front of him.

which he casually tossed aside.

After the Black Dragon had swept past, a streak of white light sped towards the horizon. That was the Primordial Spirit of the withered True Person, which Fang Wang had chosen not to pursue and kill.

Letting this scoundrel live would let more people know of his strength, thereby deterring others from provoking him.

Of course, the main reason was that he was too lazy to stand up and only wanted to quickly transform into the Vajra Invincible Saint Body.

After a while.

The ravaging winds and waves that filled the world calmed, and the eyes of the trial participants fell upon a colossal ravine on the ground, all of them staring blankly.

Fang Wang sitting atop the mountain swinging his fist had actually left a ravine hundreds of miles long on the land and mountains, a testament to an unimaginably powerful secret technique.

Yang Du stood amongst the mountains far away, his heartbeat quickened as he looked at the billowing dust miles away.

He too had been attracted by the disturbance in nature’s spiritual energy, and upon seeing that it was Fang Wang, he had wanted to leave immediately, only to then see the withered True Person arrive.

This man had one flaw, which was his love for watching excitement unfold. “This punch is far more terrifying than the one he threw at me…”

Fear colored Yang Du’s thoughts. He prided himself on having an indestructible body, but facing the Black Dragon just now, he hadn’t dared to gamble. He felt that even if he had survived, he would have needed a long time to recover.

At the same time, he formed another idea.

Should he try to get on good terms with Fang Wang?

After all, Fang Wang had taken the initiative to save him, and when facing his provocation, he had allowed him a way out, clearly holding him in high regard.

Upon reflecting carefully on his own dealings throughout his life, Yang Du recognized that while his enemies were numerous, true friends were few and far between.

Not only Yang Du, but other trial participants were also considering befriending Fang Wang. A Cultivator with such strength would sooner or later stand at the pinnacle of the Southern Celestial Sea, and befriending him would have no drawbacks at the very least.

Peace returned to the world, yet the might of the Nine Dragons Tyrant Fist had not completely dissipated.

The trial participants didn’t dare to disturb Fang Wang and could only wait patiently. But as the waiting stretched over several days without any sign of Fang Wang awakening, they had to give up and leave one after another, searching for their own opportunities.

News of Fang Wang destroying the withered True Person’s body with a single punch spread quickly.

The trial had only started for so long, yet Fang Wang had already defeated two True Persons, one dead and one severely injured, achieving a remarkable track record.

Time flew by, and within the Qi Tian secret realm, conflicts broke out every day, with each becoming louder than the last.

In a flash.

There were three months left until the trial’s end.

In the Firmament above, wind and waves formed into dragons that surged in the same direction, and below, the earth was split in two by a gorge so deep it seemed bottomless.

Figures flew out of the depths of the gorge; the leader was a white-clothed man with a sky-reaching crown, broad sleeves fluttering in the wind. He twirled wooden beads in his hand, a satisfied smile on his handsome face as he said, “Obtaining a Sharira was worth the journey.”

Other trial participants congratulated him, their words filled with flattery.

He was a Disciple of the Eternal Life Pavilion, named Qu Lingcang.

Other Disciples of the Eternal Life Pavilion all addressed him as senior brother.

Qu Lingcang suddenly looked up towards the horizon and asked, “The anomaly in nature’s spiritual energy has persisted for so long, could it still be because of that Sword Sovereign of the Yellow Glyph, Fang Wang?”

Hearing this, the other Disciples all nodded and joined in the speculation.

“Fang Wang might be cultivating some sort of Technique.”

“That’s true. Qi Tian left behind many Body Tempering Techniques.”

“What’s so good about the Demon Clan’s Body Tempering Techniques? I guess he obtained Qi Tian’s Demon Core.”

“Really? Would the Eternal Life Pavilion leave a Demon Core from Qi Tian?”

Listening to his junior brothers and sisters speculating, Qu Lingcang’s gaze became profound, his thoughts unknown.

After a while, Qu Lingcang asked, “After this trial, Fang Wang will be ranked among the twenty-four True Persons. What do you think, should I pull him in? Maybe even recommend him for the Inner Cabinet of the Eternal Life Pavilion?”

Upon hearing this, the Disciples were shocked and immediately dissuaded him. They protested in a cacophony, but the message was the same: Fang Wang was too mysterious, and if he were an enemy agent who had infiltrated the Eternal Life Pavilion, Qu Lingcang’s actions might bring trouble upon himself.

It was well known that the Eternal Life Pavilion recognized tokens, not people, but that was an external stance. If, due to Qu Lingcang’s recommendation, the Pavilion encountered any issues, the consequences would be unimaginable.

Qu Lingcang said darkly, “For what purpose has this Fang Wang joined the

Eternal Life Pavilion? His cultivation doesn’t seem to be in need of inheritance. If he aimed to steal intelligence, why would he draw such attention to himself?”

At this, the Disciples fell silent, unable to comprehend his motives.

At that moment, the turmoil in the sky began to subside, causing everyone to turn their heads to look.

It seemed Fang Wang had succeeded..

 
Tip: You can use left, right, A and D keyboard keys to browse between chapters.
Novel Bin Read light novel, web novel, korean novel and chinese novel online for free. You can find hundreds of english translated light novel, web novel, korean novel and chinese novel which are daily updated! Read novels online, read light novel online, read online free, free light novel online.
 

