I BECAME AN IMMORTAL ON MORTAL REALM
Chapter 171 - 168: Celestial Phenomena
Chapter 171: Chapter 168: Celestial Phenomena

Translator: 549690339

Halfway up the mountain, Fang Wang lay on a huge rock, resting and waiting for the trial to end. Qu Xunhun stood beside him, introducing him to the Shariputras.

“Shariputras are the remnants left behind after the Saint Buddha’s nirvana. They embody the life’s work of the Saint Buddha’s Cultivation, mysterious and unfathomable. A thousand years ago, someone acquired a Shariputra and established the Buddhist Sect. That sect, located beyond the Southern Celestial Sea, rivals the power of the Eternal Life Pavilion. It took him only a thousand years, which is enough to show the power of a Shariputra. Indeed, a Shariputra is the most anticipated opportunity within the Qi Tian Secret Realm. However, I never expected there to be two,”

Qu Xunhun said with emotion, thinking about how high Qu Lingcang’s achievements could reach after obtaining two Shariputras.

Perhaps he might become one of the next generation’s Southern Celestial Four Heroes.

If Qu Lingcang truly became one of the Southern Celestial Four Heroes, that would be more painful to Qu Xunhun than being killed.

Qu Xunhun looked at Fang Wang with even more admiration. He had witnessed Fang Wang’s rise to fame in the Southern Celestial Sea. Upon reflection, he realized he had no clear idea of Fang Wang’s true strength; any enemy seemed powerless in front of Fang Wang.

He suddenly wondered what it would look like if Fang Wang were to face the Southern Celestial Four Heroes.

Fang Wang kept his eyes closed and did not take out the Shariputras. He was currently uninterested in them, and even if they were as powerful as claimed, he did not want to continue to struggle.

He was tired.

The journey to the Grand An Resentment Temple had hurt him. Although he had grown stronger, he truly needed time to heal. Otherwise, he feared he might succumb to a Heart Demon.

In Cultivation, dealing with a Heart Demon is a hurdle more daunting than the tribulations of lightning. Countless Cultivators have perished to Heart Demons, with some even being replaced by the demon itself.

Fang Wang’s True Combat Technique had a calming effect on his mind. After integrating it with the Heavenly Dao True Skill, his state of mind became even more stable. If it had been before, he wouldn’t have been able to withstand a millennium of seclusion.

After talking for a long time, Qu Xunhun was also tired and had no wish to compete any longer. He decided to wait for the trial to end.

Though he had lost the Shariputra, he had other gains and did not want to fight to the death anymore.

In the days that followed, whenever other trial participants passed by this place and caught sight of Fang Wang, their expressions changed, and they fled immediately.

Fang Wang’s formidable reputation had spread throughout the Qi Tian Secret

Realm.

Several days later, the once-a-century internal trial of the Eternal Life Pavilion finally ended. Feeling the fluctuations of the Warlord’s Command, Fang Wang took out the Yellow Glyph Sword Sovereign Order from the Dragon Jade Ring and was soon teleported out.

This time, as Fang Wang faced the oppressive force from the teleportation array, he felt he could easily leap out of it. The Jiuyou Zizaishu was truly powerful!

After a long time, the teleportation ended.

Fang Wang spread out his divine consciousness, locked onto Xiao Zi’s aura, and immediately flew towards it, shooting out of the red column of light like a gust of wind.

Xiao Zi was excitedly discussing Fang Wang with Zhu Yan when a strong wind suddenly hit them, startling Xiao Zi into turning around. Before it could get a clear look, it was picked up.

On closer inspection, Xiao Zi realized that it was Fang Wang who had picked it up, and its surprise turned to joy as it exclaimed, “Master! You’re finally out. I’ve missed you so much!”

Xiao Zi zipped onto Fang Wang’s shoulder and began to lick his face with its snake tongue.

Fang Wang smiled and gently rubbed its snake head. Zhao Zhen, Zhu Yan, Chu Yin, and others came forward to greet him, their expressions equally excited, as Fang Wang’s performance had been incredibly dominant, making him the most dazzling figure of the trial. Even the Southern Celestial Four Heroes’ Jiyang True Person, who was one of the participants, hardly took action since no one dared to confront him.

The surrounding Cultivators and monsters crowded around to congratulate Fang Wang, their attitudes warm and even obsequious.

Having defeated two true persons, Fang Wang had proven his strength. Among those in the Mahayana Realm, he certainly stood out.

Interestingly, no one knew of Fang Wang’s Cultivation level. In the eyes of the countless spectators in the Eternal Life Tower, Fang Wang was a Mahayana Realm Cultivator, and there was no one who doubted his age.

Fang Wang only appeared young, and such youth-preserving methods weren’t uncommon in the Cultivation World.

More and more trial participants flew out of the red column of light, and the entire Eternal Life Pavilion was buzzing with noise.

“Yang Du, spit out my disciple!”

A domineering roar came from above, startling everyone into looking up, including Fang Wang.

They saw Yang Du just flying out of the red column of light, trapped in a beam of white light and unable to move. Following the white light, they saw a slightly obese Daoist elder standing at the edge of the top-level balcony, holding up a Golden Bowl from which the white light emanated.

In front of everyone’s gaze, Yang Du did not express anger but helplessly spread his hands, saying, “The young ones can’t beat me, and the old ones come to exert their authority. So much for the disciples of the Inner Cabinet of the Eternal Life Pavilion. When you go out there, your face won’t be as useful.”

After speaking, he opened his mouth and spat out a ball of light, which quickly expanded into Qu Lingcang’s Primordial Spirit.

The Dao Robe elder’s face was extremely somber, but he did not take immediate action, and instead, he took back his Golden Bowl.

Qu Lingcang opened his eyes, glared at Yang Du with hatred, but without uttering a word of threat, turned and walked away.

This grudge was now firmly established!

The forces with ulterior motives who had their eyes on Yang Du were considering whether to court his favor, but eventually, they all gave up.

Yang Du was uncontrollable and merely a disaster!

“Master, both of these individuals were defeated by you. Taking advantage of Qu Lingcang’s severe injury, Yang Du made his move. In your opinion, which of the two is stronger?” Xiao Zi curiously asked.

Zhu Yan, Chu Yin, Zhao Zhen, and many surrounding Cultivators all looked at Fang Wang.

Fang Wang calmly replied, “I can’t really judge, because I’m not aware of their full strength.”

Upon hearing this, everyone was momentarily stunned, but they quickly grasped what he meant.

Yes, Yang Du submitted without a fight, and Qu Lingcang was defeated in a single move, Fang Wang really didn’t know how strong they were, for in his presence, these two were too weak to assess their strength.

Zhu Yan felt deeply moved in his heart, his master was indeed a master, not only possessing great strength, but also very good at putting on a show!

He, too, wanted to learn from his master and be skilled in putting on such an act.

At that moment, a figure flew over, causing the expressions of the surrounding Cultivators and monsters to turn strange once they saw who it was.

The newcomer was none other than the withered True Person!

Having been reduced to nothing more than a Primordial Spirit by Fang Wang, it was only through the theft of a personal attendant’s Token that he was able to leave the abandoned Qi Tian secret realm.

Even now, he was still in the form of a Primordial Spirit, and with a sullen face, he flew before Fang Wang. Many eyes were upon him, curious about what he intended to say.

Zhu Yan and Chu Yin watched the withered True Person warily.

Although the withered True Person was no match for Fang Wang, they had previously seen him ruthlessly killing Golden Body Realm trial-takers, domineering and brutal.

Fang Wang looked at the withered True Person calmly, only to see the withered True Person kneel before him and grit his teeth, “I hope the senior could return my True Person Order to me, in exchange for treasures.”

No sooner had he spoken than a wave of astonishment swept over the crowd.

In full view of the public, the withered True Person had actually knelt before Fang Wang!

But upon further thought, they came to understand.

True Persons are elusive and notoriously difficult to deal with. To regain a True Person Order is an arduous task, and with Fang Wang in possession of not one but two, the act of submission seemed to be the wisest strategy.

Fang Wang looked down at the withered True Person, slowly raising his right hand and pulling a Token from the latter’s storage pouch. He tossed the Order directly to the withered True Person.

Clang! The sound rang out as the True Person Order landed in front of the withered True Person, who hurriedly picked it up and, looking up at Fang Wang with a shocked expression, cautiously asked, “What would you like in exchange?”

Fang Wang turned around, leaving behind the words, “It’s time to go back.”

Xiao Zi, Zhao Zhen, Zhu Yan, and Chu Yin quickly followed his steps, while the withered True Person knelt on the ground, watching Fang Wang’s retreating figure with complex emotions.

The other Cultivators and monsters around them all felt a sense of grandeur emanating from Fang Wang.

The withered True Person’s thoughts were tumultuous. He had submitted, but his heart was full of resentment; however, with Fang Wang’s gesture, all his resentment vanished, leaving only shame.

From beginning to end, he was the one who provoked Fang Wang. Had it been him, he wouldn’t have returned the True Person Order to anyone, but Fang Wang did, making no demands at all.

Fang Wang and company walked towards the window of the Eternal Life Pavilion. Along the way, Cultivators and monsters made way, their gazes toward Fang Wang filled with reverence.

And so, Fang Wang and his group left the Eternal Life Pavilion smoothly, heading towards the plains of the Southern Celestial Heaven below.

Qu Xunhun quickly flew over, ready to assist Fang Wang in exchanging for a new True Person Order.

Xiao Zi and Zhu Yan were chattering non-stop. Xiao Zi felt that the withered True Person was let off too easily, while Zhu Yan thought that his master’s gesture would reduce the number of enemies and elevate his standing within the Eternal Life Pavilion.

Fang Wang didn’t stop their bickering, as after so many years of seclusion, listening to these fellows’ chatter was, surprisingly, quite amusing.

Just then— Boom—

Thunder suddenly rolled, making Fang Wang stop, and the others looked up to see the sky churn with thunderclouds, gathering at an incredibly fast rate, as though threatening to obscure the stars.

Not only that, the vast ocean of the Southern Celestial Heaven began to rise with terrifying waves, causing the small islands to appear insignificant, as if they could be swallowed by the sea at any moment.

“What’s going on?” Xiao Zi asked in shock.

Fang Wang furrowed his brow, sensing an immense pressure that was not from the Southern Celestial Heaven. He couldn’t discern where it came from, but he was certain that it covered an enormous area.

In that moment, Fang Wang suddenly thought of the natural disturbances he had caused when he created the Heavenly Dao True Skill.

Could it be that someone, like him, had created an earth-shattering, god -weeping transformation?

More and more figures emerged from the Eternal Life Tower and from various floating islands all around, discussing the terrifying celestial phenomena.

Standing among his Heavenly Sect disciples, the edge-cliff True Person looked up at the sky with a frown, murmuring to himself, “What could be the cause and effect behind such celestial phenomena…?”

Other Cultivators discussed amongst themselves, inevitably bringing up the strange heavenly occurrences of several decades past.

Such phenomena are rare, once in several hundred years, and now they had occurred twice in succession, an ill omen by any measure.

Having watched for a while, Fang Wang said, “Let’s continue, we better exchange the True Person Orders quickly.”

Qu Xunhun hurriedly lead the way.

But with the celestial phenomena still unfurling, he was distracted.

Cultivators seek Immortality and are extremely sensitive to the heavenly mandate; all Cultivators were concerned if this was a sign of impending doom.

The celestial disturbance lasted for an entire hour.

During this time, Fang Wang had already exchanged his Jiu You True Person Order for a new one, and having given up the Yellow Glyph Sword Sovereign Order, he was henceforth a Heavenly Dao True Person!

Tip: You can use left, right, A and D keyboard keys to browse between chapters.
Novel Bin Read light novel, web novel, korean novel and chinese novel online for free. You can find hundreds of english translated light novel, web novel, korean novel and chinese novel which are daily updated! Read novels online, read light novel online, read online free, free light novel online.
