
I BECAME AN IMMORTAL ON MORTAL REALM
Chapter 172 - 169: Yang Du's Opportunity, Will Never Let You Down
Chapter 172 - 169: Yang Du's Opportunity, Will Never Let You Down
When news of Fang Wang's advancement to a Heavenly Daoist spread throughout the Southern Celestial origins, he had already led people away from the Southern Celestial origins.

The return journey was still aboard Qu Xunhun's Law Ship. Having offended Qu Lingcang, Qu Xunhun naturally did not dare to linger and thus took the initiative to lead the way.

It is worth mentioning that with Fang Wang's promotion to Heavenly Daoist, the treatment of Qu Xunhun as a personal envoy also greatly improved.

Blue skies, white clouds, the Canghai Sea undulating.

Fang Wang lay on the deck, sleeping; even though he was asleep, his body was still continuously absorbing Spiritual Energy, causing everyone else to think he was cultivating some technique that required lying down.

At this moment, Zhu Yan was instructing Chu Yin in boxing, Xiao Zi was fishing in the ocean, Zhao Zhen floated in the air, playing with a Sharira, and Qu Xunhun was cultivating inside the pavilion.

Fang Wang had two Shariras but temporarily didn't want to study them, so he tossed one to Zhao Zhen to research.

Zhao Zhen was clever, and Fang Wang wanted him to show his abilities more.

"Heavenly Dao Senior!"

A voice came from afar, and immediately after, a figure streaked across the sky, rapidly landing onto the ship.

Zhu Yan immediately moved in front of Fang Wang, ready for confrontation, and asked coldly, "Yang Du, what are you here for—to seek death?"

Yang Du, now dressed in purple garments, did indeed have the air of a peerless genius.

Looking over Zhu Yan, Yang Du asked, "You look somewhat familiar, who are you again?"

Veins bulged on Zhu Yan's forehead, fists clenched, he said, "Zhu Yan!" n/ô/vel/b//in dot c//om

"Oh, oh, oh, it turns out to be the seventh son of the Roc Bird Zhu Emperor; you've grown so big, truly time changes everything," Yang Du said with a false smile, a remark that to Zhu Yan's ears, was nothing but an insult.

Just as Zhu Yan thought to retaliate, Yang Du looked over at Fang Wang and said, "Heavenly Dao Senior, I've come across a great opportunity, care to listen?"

A great opportunity?

Zhu Yan frowned and dared not strike, but still vigilantly watched Yang Du.

Xiao Zi leaped onto the ship, swallowing the fish in her mouth, and stared intently at Yang Du.

Qu Xunhun was also disturbed and emerged from the pavilion, while Chu Yin stood up and joined Xiao Zi by her side, extremely nervous.

In the Eternal Life Tower, Chu Yin had witnessed Yang Du's performance. The man was extremely vicious and unpredictable, happy one moment, enraged the next—practically a madman.

Yang Du appeared calm but was actually extremely nervous inside. He feigned a cough and said, "I obtained a Jade Slip in Qi Tian Secret Realm, which records the location of the Heavenly Gang Saint Body Technique. It's on a continent named Zhui Tian Secret Realm. Five thousand years ago, the Qi Tian Demon Venerable went there to explore and gained part of the Descending Dragon Great Saint's inheritance."

Yang Du paused, seeing no reaction from Fang Wang, and continued, "The Heavenly Body is known as one of the most powerful constitutions of the human race. The technique created by the Descending Dragon Great Saint is essential for Body Cultivation, and I'm willing to share this opportunity with Senior."

The Heavenly Body!

Zhu Yan narrowed his eyes; clearly, he too had heard of this sacred body.

The expressions of Xiao Zi and Zhao Zhen turned strange, but they didn't speak up, as they still couldn't trust Yang Du.

Fang Wang's face was covered by a Fox Mask, making it impossible for Yang Du to glean his emotions. All they heard was his voice drifting out, "The Zhui Tian Secret Realm, I've already been there, and I have already mastered the Heavenly Gang Saint Body Technique."

"What?"

Yang Du was shocked, while Zhu Yan wondered about the True Combat Technique he was practicing. Could the master have already gathered the Three Great True Cultivations of Ji Hao Sect?

Ji Hao Sect had also left legends in the Southern Celestial Sea. It was one of the few great sects that invaded the sea from the continent and succeeded. A thousand years ago, it caused the Eternal Life Pavilion considerable trouble. Apparently, the fall of Ji Hao Sect was due to offending the Eternal Life Pavilion.

Xiao Zi laughed smugly, "Of course, my Master has mastered the Heavenly Body. The boxing technique that nearly scared you to death before is called the Mountain River Town Heaven Fist, also an utmost skill of the Descending Dragon Great Saint!"

Yang Du's expression changed, uncertain of what he was plotting.

He cautiously asked, "May I ask Senior, when did you go there? Are there any inheritances left?"

Xiao Zi followed up, "Merely decades ago, you couldn't think my master is some undying freak, could you? To tell you the truth, my master is only one hundred and thirty years old!"

One hundred thirty years old!

Yang Du was visibly rattled, looking at Fang Wang with disbelief.

Fang Wang spoke up, "Inheritances are still there, but you don't need to seek them."

Yang Du subconsciously asked, "Why is that?"

They only heard Fang Wang respond nonchalantly, "You were born with the Heavenly Gang Saint Body, why seek the Heavenly Gang Saint Body Technique?"

Upon these words, everyone on the ship was stunned, including Xiao Zi.

Yang Du was struck as if by lightning, standing fixed in place.

He had been an orphan since childhood, surviving with his undying body and growing up through hardship. His childhood experiences made him distrust anyone.

He didn't know his own physical constitution and took his undying nature for granted. He never once thought he might be a Heavenly Gang Saint Body.

The reason he sought Fang Wang was partly to curry favor and partly because he truly wanted to learn the Heavenly Gang Saint Body Technique. The heritage site of the Descending Dragon Great Saint was bound to be fraught with dangers, and with the assistance of a Heavenly Daoist, he was sure to succeed.

Fang Wang had saved him and even spared him, which made him foster an indescribable expectation towards Fang Wang, as no one had ever treated him this way. He wanted to give it a try.

Now, he even forgot the shock of Fang Wang's true age and had only the four words "Heavenly Gang Saint Body" echoing in his head.

Qu Xunhun, Zhu Yan, and Chu Yin were also in shock.

The Heavenly Gang Saint Body, that was the legendary supreme constitution, and someone in the world was born with it!

Yang Du came back to his senses, took two steps forward, and Zhu Yan hurriedly stopped him.

Thump!

Yang Du actually knelt down, he kowtowed to Fang Wang and cautiously asked, "May I ask if Senior knows of my origins?"

His origins were his greatest confusion; he wandered to the ends of the earth, seeking not only to become stronger but also to discover the truth of his own origins.

"I do not know your origins. The only reason I could discern them is that I have mastered the Heavenly Gang Saint Body Technique," Fang Wang replied. He never stood up from beginning to end, nor did he remove the fox mask from his face.

Yang Du wanted to say more but ultimately chose to stand up and bowed to Fang Wang in gratitude.

Just as he turned around to leave, Fang Wang suddenly called out to him.

"I wish to impart to you a Cultivation Technique, created by the Descending Dragon Great Saint to counter the Heavenly Gang Saint Body. Would you like to learn it?"

Upon hearing this, Yang Du looked at Fang Wang with excitement and asked nervously, "What do I need to give in return?"

"You need not give anything. You may leave once you've learned it."

"Ah?"

Yang Du was stunned, and so were the others.

Zhu Yan felt a rush of disagreeance but did not dare to voice it directly, fearing to offend Fang Wang.

All they saw was Fang Wang raising his right hand, extending two fingers towards Yang Du. A beam of white light burst forth from the tips of Fang Wang's fingers, moving so fast that Yang Du couldn't react in time. The white light swiftly entered his forehead, and he fell into a daze.

Fang Wang withdrew his hand and said indifferently, "You needn't overthink it. Imparting this technique to him was merely a whim. He's different from you all; he can only learn one method from me, whereas you can gain much more."

Upon hearing this, Zhu Yan scratched his head, offering an awkward smile.

Qu Xunhun was immensely envious; he hesitated on whether he should break free from the Eternal Life Pavilion to become Fang Wang's servant.

He was well aware that even if he wished to offer himself as a disciple, Fang Wang might not accept him.

Back in his hometown, he was also considered a genius that appeared once in a thousand years, otherwise he wouldn't have reached the heights he had today. Unfortunately, when looking across the vast Southern Celestial Sea, his natural talents amounted to nothing.

"Young Master, he is born with the Heavenly Gang Saint Body. Aren't you afraid that if you pass on your supreme techniques, he might become your enemy one day?" Xiao Zi couldn't help but remind.

Fang Wang chuckled softly and said, "He is too weak. Without my help, he stands no chance of being my opponent. How can he surpass my master, the Descending Dragon Great Saint, if he cannot defeat a peak Heavenly Gang Saint Body?"

The Heavenly Gang Saint Body is strong?

Can it defeat the Vajra Invincible Saint Body?

And he's the fusion of the Heavenly Gang Saint Body and the Vajra Invincible Saint Body!

Fang Wang aspired to ascend to immortality within the Mortal Realm; thus, he hoped for a more thrilling Mortal Realm, with the emergence of more powerful figures to alleviate his boredom.

His apparent confidence was actually founded on his millennia of secluded cultivation in the Heavenly Palace!

He was willing to give his rivals time, and he was not afraid of being surpassed!

Zhao Zhen remarked with a sigh, "The Master's title is indeed apt, 'Heavenly Dao,' isn't it about overlooking all beings and controlling everything?"

The others also expressed their admiration for Fang Wang.

Afterward, they began to discuss the Heavenly Gang Saint Body.

Yang Du was known as the undying, so does that not make Fang Wang, who also cultivated the Heavenly Gang Saint Body, immortal as well?

They suddenly realized that nobody had managed to injure Fang Wang, which led them not to associate him with immortality.

The more they thought about it, the more chilling the revelation became; even as close associates of Fang Wang, they were unclear about the extent of his capabilities.

After a long while.

Yang Du awoke, his gaze altered, then as if startled from a dream, he trembled all over, gasping for breath. He looked up at Fang Wang, swallowed hard, and said, "The True Combat Technique... Such a peerless technique, why would you impart it to me?"

"You are not yet strong enough, and you disgrace the Heavenly Gang Saint Body. I hope that one day you will make a name for yourself with the honor of the Heavenly Gang Saint Body, rather than as the 'Undying.' Being known as 'undying' only proves you fail often," Fang Wang explained, making Yang Du feel ashamed, regretting his previous pride in the title.

Indeed.

If the 'Undying' was famous, didn't that mean he often faced death?

Yang Du knelt again and heavily kowtowed three times, speaking solemnly, "Senior, you might not believe what I am about to say, but I must say it. From this day forth, I, Yang Du, can let down everyone in the world, but I will never let you down."

Fang Wang laughed lightly and said, "I will be waiting for your challenge. Of course, it will be merely for sparring; I won't kill you."

Yang Du did not lift his head, but gritted his teeth and said, "Yang Du will not disappoint you, Senior."

"If you have nowhere to go, come back to Biyou Island with me first. You can share the True Combat Technique with Zhu Yan, and after you have mastered it, you can depart."

"Thank you, Senior!"

Yang Du was overjoyed, thanking him again.

Zhu Yan snorted coldly, seemingly displeased, but in truth, he was full of anticipation.

Despite looking down on Yang Du, in fact, he was confident in Yang Du's talent. The True Combat Technique was indeed difficult to cultivate, so it was also uncertain whether the Heavenly Gang Saint Body would find it easier to comprehend this technique.

 
Tip: You can use left, right, A and D keyboard keys to browse between chapters.
Novel Bin Read light novel, web novel, korean novel and chinese novel online for free. You can find hundreds of english translated light novel, web novel, korean novel and chinese novel which are daily updated! Read novels online, read light novel online, read online free, free light novel online.
 